Big-name investors and hedge funds made moves in Club holdings Disney
 (DIS), Nvidia
 (NVDA) and TJX Companies
 (TJX) in the fourth quarter. This latest batch of regulatory disclosures also provides more clarity on the unusual levels of activist pressure facing Salesforce
 (CRM), also one of our long-term Club positions.
Updated interim data from first six patients in Phase 1/2 Imagine-1 study of PBGM01 for GM1 Gangliosidosis to be shared in oral platform and poster presentations

PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 15, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Passage Bio, Inc. (Nasdaq: PASG), a clinical-stage genetic medicines company focused on developing transformative therapies for central nervous system (CNS) disorders, today announced its participation at the 19th Annual WORLDSymposium™, a research conference dedicated to lysosomal diseases, taking place in Orlando, Florida from February 22-26, 2023.

The oral platform presentation will occur as follows:

Abstract Title: Updated interim safety, biomarker, and efficacy data from the Phase 1/2 open-label, multicenter study of a single dose, intra-cisterna magna administration of PBGM01 in type I (early onset) and type IIA (late onset) infantile GM1 gangliosidosis
Presenter: Jeanine Jarnes, Pharm D., University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN
Date/Time: Friday, February 24, 2023 at 2:00 p.m. ET

The poster will occur as follows:

Poster 186
Abstract Title: Updated interim safety, biomarker, and efficacy data from the Phase 1/2 open-label, multicenter study of a single dose, intra-cisterna magna administration of PBGM01 in type I (early onset) and type IIA (late onset) infantile GM1 gangliosidosis
Presenter: Jeanine Jarnes, Pharm D., University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN
Date/Time: Friday, February 24, 2023 at 3:00 p.m. ET

Registered guests can access presentations from the WORLDSymposium™ website. A copy of the data presentation will be available on the Investor Events and Presentations page of the Passage Bio corporate website following presentation of the materials.

About Imagine-1

Imagine-1 is a Phase 1/2, global, open-label, dose-escalation study of PBGM01 administered by a single injection into the cisterna magna in pediatric subjects with early and late infantile GM1. The clinical program has treated a total of four cohorts of two patients each, with separate dose-escalation cohorts for late infantile GM1 and early infantile GM1. The primary goal of the study is to first assess safety and tolerability and then efficacy of PBGM01 in patients. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted PBGM01 Fast Track, Orphan Drug, and Rare Pediatric Disease designations. PBGM01 has also received an Orphan designation and Advanced Therapy Medicinal Product from the European Commission.


